[TECHDEBT] Tackle TODOs in `shared/modules` Issue #232 (#260)
pokt-network/pocket: shared/modules/doc/README.md

│   ├── gov.go          # default testing parameters

```

> ### Module Typical Usage Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TODO(#235): Update once runtime configs are implemented
### Module Typical Usage Example
```

> ##### Create the module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create the module
```

Module creation uses a typical constructor pattern signature `Create(configPath, genesisPath string) (module.Interface, error)`

Currently, module creation is not embedded or enforced in the interface to prevent the initializer from having to use 
clunky creation syntax -> `modPackage.new(module).Create(configPath, genesisPath)` rather `modPackage.Create(configPath, genesisPath)`

> Essentially, we are currently optimizing for code clarity rather than creation signature enforceability.
> 
> NOTE: **This may change in the future.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done to optimize for code clarity rather than creation signature enforceability but **may change in the future**.
```

```golang
newModule, err := newModule.Create(configFilePath, genesisFilePath)

if err != nil {
	// handle error
}
```

> ##### Set the module `bus`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Set the module `bus`
```

The `bus` is the specific integration mechanism that enables the greater application.

Setting the `bus` allows the module to interact with its sibling modules

```golang
newModule.SetBus(bus)
```

##### Start the module

> Starting the module, begins the service and enables operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting the module begins the service and enables operation.
```

> Starting always comes after creation and setting the bus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting must come after creation and setting the bus.
```

```golang
err := newModule.Start()

if err != nil {
	// handle error
}
```

> ##### Get the module `bus`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Get the module `bus`
```

The bus may be accessed by the module object at anytime using the `getter`

```golang

> bus := newModule.GetBus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bus := newModule.GetBus()

# The bus enables access to interfaces exposed by other modules in the codebase
bus.GetP2PModule().<FunctionName>
bus.GetPersistenceModule().<FunctionName>
...
```

```

> ##### Stop the module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Stop the module
```

Stopping the module, ends the service and disables operation.

> This is the proper way to conclude the lifecycle of the module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the proper way to conclude the lifecycle of the module.
```
